fuck yourself
maybe your mother drove we didn't shake
dumb-dumb getting such a flip
dum dum overworld British it turn there
shut the fuck up man is that chiraq shit
man fuck around and give body these
hello you better duck when I up that big
man niggas team know like and beyond
that other shit know like all these
holes going so I don't trust no bitch
and I'm all about my breath trying to
get these hollows hurt you better duck
with not up that bitch my niggas team no
like and beyond that other shit no lucky
all these holes going so I don't trust
no bitch spot and I'm all about my bread
trying to get rich let's get it bitch
I'm JT laughs smell just like a pound
loud if you ain't smoking loud you gonna
move around get it these hollow tips hit
you bet you hit the ground
look clean hook that dope I'm trying to
smell it laughs Wow
you I don't make no laws you quiet as a
mouse ha shit is real when I feel you
better watch your mouth
don't do no Twitter hiss you better acts
around wow no but she doing dicks yes
she going down oh six man shit will fuck
around smash it
my niggas team know like it keep them
dirty ground lacking
oh six last shit will fuck around I shit
my nigga steelo laughing keep your
bellies one these hurt you better duck
when I up that bitch my nigga steam no
lack and beyond that other shit no like
dump all these holes gone and I'm all
about my bread tryna get rich
you better duck with not up that bitch
my niggaz team no lackeys beyond that
other shit no lacking all these holes
gone so I don't trust no bitch fuck
yourself
fuckin a BA your mother grow we in and
Sheamus man some dumb get in soon as
your flip dumped on Google world
bristling with the shit Joe Joe Joe with
every G yeah they with the shitty enough
gonna be niggas getting mad cuz I fucked
a bitch my god I always whip the work
like I whip the grits and you get shot
oh you ain't sick get a lot of girls and
they get shit cuz I don't paint I whip
shit when I wrap it up on that Christmas
shit they read and they hit the shit
jail out he went to shower my teeth in
Mission King this black man they got a
stand over
let's get it we fast my fast niggas man
Westerby Jojo Doong Doong Doong LeFleur
chill out
ah get it get it get it
squawk
you